Add FormatExtensionResolver (#1300)
liip/LiipImagineBundle: Resources/doc/cache-resolver/format_extension.rst

.. _cache-resolver-format-extension:

FormatExtensionResolver
=======================

The ``FormatExtensionResolver`` cannot be used by itself. Instead, it is a "decorator" for

> another resolver. It add the ability to set the correct file extension when filter converts image format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another resolver. It adds the ability to set the correct file extension when a filter converted the image format.
```

Configuration
-------------

To use this cache resolver, you must first define the cache resolver it will decorate.
In this example, we will use the :ref:`Web Path Resolver <cache-resolver-web-path>`.

Next, we need to define a service for this cache resolver and inject the web path cache resolver service to decorate.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # app/config/services.yml

    services:
        acme.imagine.cache.format_extension:
            class: Liip\ImagineBundle\Imagine\Cache\Resolver\FormatExtensionResolver
            arguments:

>                 - "@acme.imagine.cache.resolver.web_path"

Reviewer: don't we need to configure the $filterConfig as well? or does that happen automatically because of the liip_imagine.cache.resolver tag?

Author: You're right, I forgot it because I use autowiring in my project. Fixed.

            tags:
                - { name: "liip_imagine.cache.resolver", resolver: "format_extension" }

> With this configuration, the cache resolver will generate paths such with file extension according to filter format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, the format extension resolver will rewrite the extension to match the filter format.
```
